# Entry 6
##### 6/3/24

#### Content
I have officially finished my 11th-grade freedom project, including both the presentation and the expo's elevator pitch. I feel very much relieved that I was able to stay productive throughout this year so I wasn't burnt out in the end. I had a lot of fun creating this project throughout the year and I'm glad I picked this topic because it is something I'm genuinely passionate about. I used to suck at geography and wouldn't be able to name out 10 countries and now I can name over 100 in less than 5 minutes. I hope that this project can help at least one other person with their geography skills because being aware of where countries are located is very important in the geopolitical world and understanding why some countries are not very friendly with others.

##### Expo elevator pitch Takeaways
The [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xBu2aJdlvERu7IslCaZzRHm6uhhLIYu5YhgwlNeGVfk/edit) was very effective in getting straight to the point and without losing the judges attention too quickly. For this pitch, my main goal with to be able to portray all of the unique features of my game and tell them how and why this game is very important for Americans to play with. I made sure to talk about why this project is so important and that there are a lot of Americans with really bad geography skills. I decided that I wanted to give my speech to everyone that came just so it became more fluent by the time the judges have come to me. I even presented to the principle and she seemed to be amazed and decided to insert her own country in the game. The judges seemed to also like the game but they noticed some of the few small bugs in the system which I was surprised since I hadn't noticed them before and I've been testing it for a good while. What a coincidence!

##### In-class presentation Takeaways
I feel like I have grown so much better at presenting in front of a large audience because I didn't feel as nervous this time as I did last year. Part of that was because I listened to Mr Mueller's advice about how "if you fail to plan, you are planning to fail" and so I was very much prepared on what I was going to say. I don't think I stuttered that much because I took quick pauses which enabled me not to use any filler words. I also made sure to make sufficient eye contact with the audience and less on the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nzBdaWeB52d9qT8KNkp8MSmNT4ryFXnVMaEpSdfbwbs/edit#slide=id.g2de5a756576_0_13) since that would create a much more engaging and interactive presentation. I practiced my presentation to myself and to my younger brother who didn't understand anything that I was saying since he is seven years old. Something that I was proud of is not being that nervous since last year I felt like I was about to die from how nervous and anxious I was.

#### EDP + Skills
The Engineering Design Process (EDP) that I'm currently in can be classified as **Communicate the results** as I have officially finished with both the product and presentation of the freedom project. I have finished communicating the results as I presented to both my classmates and to the judges in the expo. Perhabs I can also communicate these results to my other friends in the school and possibly some family members since I believe they also suck at geography. The skills that I have developed are **Growth mindset** and **Time Management** since they were in high demand for me to actually finish this project in a timely fashion. I have encountered an endless number of bugs and challenges that I have needed to overcome such as not being able to utilize the API that I have downloaded since that was something I was unfamiliar with and didn't play around with before. The other skill that I developed was time management since I had created a plan that I followed and kept on track for the majority of the project. 

[Previous](entry05.md)

[Home](../README.md)
