# Entry 1
##### 11/13/23

#### Content + Tinkering
I decided to create a geography game that will help users build their awareness of the globe, which is something many surprisingly lack. To add on, I will add a scoring system out of 5 where if someone makes more than 5 mistakes they will be forced to start again. The tools that I will use for my project are [Leaflet.js](https://leafletjs.com/) and [Kaboom](https://kaboomjs.com/) and I will keep [D3Js](https://d3js.org/) for reference in case I do need it for the future, but it is not *official*. I decided to use leaflet.js because it will help me create a interactive map where a user can click on it and zoom in which is beneficial to what I plan to create. A con about leaflet.js is that it can actually zoom in to specific areas like Bay Ridge and Sunset Park which isn't something I want to include. I will try to limit it's capacity to zoom in by limiting it just cities so it doesn't overwhelm the user. The other tool that I decided to use was Kaboom which will help me create this idea into an actual game since it is a programming tool for the creation of games. I considered using [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for a project that catches Js error but I wasn't really passionate about that. I noticed that theres a lot of key terms and phrases that I need to learn for Kaboom so I think that will take most of my time in terms of learning/ tinkering. Nonetheless, I did do some tinkering with both tools to confirm that they will be sticking with me throughout this journey.

I tinkered with [Kaboom](https://kaboomjs.com/) by following through the tutorial and changing certain codes that affected the overall function. For example, I changed the position that the sprites appeared on in the background and added rotations to the sprite. Codes like `pos(110, 70),` enable the movement of the sprite and declare a position for it to spawn on. The example that I did was in my IDE. I also tinkered with Leaflet.js by creating a interactive map on [Jsbin](https://jsbin.com/kicetoniwe/1/edit?html,css,js,output). I did this through following the tutorial page on their documentation which brought me to the conclusion that zooming all the way to specific regions was unnecessary. This code `marker.bindPopup("<b>Hello world!</b><br>I am a popup.").openPopup();` allows a pop up to show in the map on where a location is and says `I am a popup` when you click on it.

#### EDP + Skills
The Engineering Design Process that I'm currently in would be a combination of defining and researching the problem. I've already defined the problem which was that many people lack geographical skills, something that needs to be addressed in a fun way. The problem is particularly present in America since geography isn't being taught in school. Researching the problem is also the current process I'm in since that helps give me a purpose to be doing this year-long project. I need to be passionate about it so I'm motivated to work on it when I'm not feeling like it. The next stage of the engineering design process would be to brainstorm some possible solutions to create to tackle the problem. I could find ideas that will help me tackle the problem that many people lack geography skills. The skills that I have developed throughout this period are How to read and Time management. I was exposed to a lot of documents that provide tutorials which has overall helped me follow through the documentation. Sometimes this takes that you don't only copy and paste the code so you understand, but also tinker in Jsbin. The other skill that I developed was Time management as I dedicated time throughout the weekend to tinker with the tools I was intrested in. This was difficult because I have saturday school and homework but was able to fit it in.


[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)